Update vignette titles (#148)
epiverse-trace/epidemics: vignettes/ebola_model.Rmd

bibliography: references.json
link-citations: true
vignette: >

>   %\VignetteIndexEntry{Modelling responses to an Ebola virus epidemic}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Modelling responses to a stochastic Ebola virus epidemic}
```
